okay does anyone want to see uh steve's feedback from the specification right not really um just what he's talking about like duplication of effort and like duplication of effort and stuff and um yeah he was saying that we should maybe uh think about having a prototype for week six which is next week yeah so we should probably prioritize our packages mm yeah yeah hmm has has anyone actually looked at the java code for the huh hmm yeah i think so yeah i i don't know about the search functionality that might be online depends how it's gonna work yeah mm-hmm yeah that makes sense hmm hmm yeah you just concatenate them together hmm yeah it just means it loads on demand it only loads when it needs a particular type of file like when it's being accessed yeah i think that's the idea it just loads the particular ones it needs but if you were doing a search over the whole corpus you'd have to load them all hmm mm hmm yeah we do not want it in to develop a little tree display as well for multiple results yeah but that'd be quite easy to do you just need to find the time stamp yeah yeah yeah i think i think those segments for each utterance are split up think so yeah i'm pretty sure it's already there pretty sure that's already there the the utterances are numbered hmm yeah i think so ye that's the impression i get yeah oh hmm ye mm yeah uh right okay topics yeah yeah i think that's the right one hmm hmm mm-hmm mm hmm yeah that'd be much more efficient to do that yeah hmm hmm yeah you're able to do that in java yeah yeah huh hmm yeah i've had a b i've had a look at the the topic segments how it's stored and then yeah th those are few per meeting and it um well it gives a time stamp and inside each one there's uh the actual like utterance segments and the list of them that occurred and they're all numbered um so that's where that's stored yeah so i guess um if i'm gonna be segmenting it with a l_c_ seg then that's like same format i'd want to um put it back out in so it'd be equivalent well like the integration what do you mean integration hmm i don't know i don't think anyone's been allocated to do that yet yeah yeah yeah definitely hmm yeah yeah it c could be difficult yeah yeah well i guess the important thing is to get the crucial m modules built ye yeah yeah and then yeah and then we'll maybe have to prioritize somebody into just integrating it mm-hmm yeah i think so uh yeah hmm yeah yeah jasmine i thought you just said that you'd uh looked at extracting the text yeah so you you said you did it in python yeah yeah did you use uh b the x_l_ uh x_m_l_ parser in python right yeah sounds pretty good so um 'cause yeah i was having a look in it a look at it as well and i noticed the um the speakers are all in that separate file so did did you have to combine them all and and then re-order them yeah ye yeah c right yeah so that's approach um well i was going to do so yeah we may as well collaborate in the word files i'm not sure i what you mean oh right hmm hmm mm i thought they were local to th a particular meeting hmm mm is there anything else we should discuss yeah should we not have like a group directory or something where we can put all our code in and that kinda thing hmm i've gotten mm hardly any hmm yeah we can ask steve if um we can get space yeah uh we could do that yeah i'm sure he had to deal with that last year yeah hmm that sounds good hmm hmm yeah that's what i'm gonna need yes yeah it's just mo changing it a bit yeah no but uh that's what m_l_c_ seg does it it marks the end of each segment yeah yeah oh yeah yeah for me it's better if they're by meeting then that'll be really easy to do once they've got the raw text it's just a case of running the script yeah i mean hopefully this week alright and we could don't know suppose we're just getting on with all our components so i know wa yeah yeah he suggested that we could have an uh initial prototype i know i'd b i'd be surprised if we can get anything working by next week alright